---
layout: post
title: Week 9
published: true
---
Project 3 is finished, but I ran into a few issues.

**What did you do this past week?**  
This week, we turned in project 3. The project this week was a little bit easier than the last, in my opinion. Especially once you figured out how the allocator is supposed to behave. Unfortunately, I still had some issues trying to turn the project in. I'm not totally sure what I did, but had problems merging my private repository to the classroom one, and couldn't connect Travis CI to it either. I've already talked to the TAs, so I should still be able to get it graded, but still. Aside from that little incident, in class added more functions to the vector class. Later in the week, we rewrote it so that it could use any type of allocator.

**What's in your way?**  
I think that this next project is supposed to be more difficult than the past ones, so the biggest things that would get in my way would be starting the project late. I've also got a pretty big project that I need to start working on for another class, so I'll need to make sure I manage my time wisely.

**What will you do next week?**  
Next week we start signing up for classes. I actually sign up tomorrow, so I'll need to finish choosing which classes I'm going to take tonight. I honestly didn't even realize that we were this far into the semester. Project 4 has also been released, so I will definitely be taking a look at that.

**Pick of the Week**  
I found [this article](http://neatoday.org/2014/11/25/deeper-learning-moving-students-beyond-memorization-2/) that talks about the benefits of learning versus memorizing information in school. The article itself focuses on deeper learning in grade school specifically, but I think it's a good thing to think about in college as well.
