---
layout: post
title: Week 3
published: true
---
The first project has been turned in, and I’m relieved, but also slightly disappointed.

**What did you do this past week?**  
We only had classes two days this week because of Labor Day. On Wednesday, we learned about two tokens in C++—the star (*) and the ampersand (&)—and what they mean in different contexts. We also talked about the significance of l-values vs r-values. Friday began as a continuation of Wednesday's lecture. Then, we went over the differences between forming classes vs structs and the benefits of forming them in certain ways. I like that we’re going back to things that we might consider basic and delving deeper into them, seeing how they really work. Every class I feel like I’m getting a better understanding of how the language works as a whole. At the end of class, Dr. Downing encouraged us to find partners for the next project, pushing that we shouldn’t feel intimidated. There are bound to be times where you or your partner feels like the weaker link, and that’s okay. In both situations, whether you’re teaching or learning, you’re helping each other out. It helped me relax bit and I’m not as worried about having to find a partner for future projects.

**What's in your way?**  
The biggest challenge for me was staying focused on the throughout the entire week. Because of this, I wasn’t able to optimize my program as much as I would’ve liked. I also need to pay a little bit more attention to detail. When I turned in the project, I thought I’d done everything correctly. However, the next morning I got an email saying that a file was missing. Unfortunately, when I was checking what files needed to be in my private repository, I ended up overlooking the UVaCollatz.c++ file. Since it wasn’t there at the time of submission, I was forced to resubmit it, causing my project to be turned in late. It’s a little disappointing that I missed something so simple, but I’ll just have to make sure that I pay more attention on the next project.

**What will you do next week?**  
On Monday, Dr. Downing said he’ll be going over Project 2 in class, so I’ll probably be deciding who my partner is going to be and getting start on it as soon as possible.

**Pick of the Week**  
I found [this article](http://matt.might.net/articles/what-cs-majors-should-know/) that lists different subjects that we as CS majors should know about. It gives lots of great suggestions that might be helpful now and in the future. Not everything in here is necessarily up-to-date, but it serves as a nice checklist for things that you can add to your repertoire.
