---
layout: post
title: Week 15
published: true
---
The last week of school is over, and it's actually kind of bitter sweet. I really enjoyed this class and I learned a lot.

What did you do this past week?
Last week, we went over we learned about shared and unique pointers, and Dr. Downing gave his closing remarks on the class. At the end of the week, we took the test and now there's nothing left to do.

Final Thoughts

I really enjoyed taking this class this semester. I learned a lot and it's definitely one of my favorite CS classes that I've taken here at this school. We were introduced to a lot of new developmental tools that I had no previous experience with. I had a few issues with some of them throughout the semester, but overall I had a pretty good experience and I think that it was a good thing to learn how to use them. For me, this class was also an introduction to C++, and as the semester has progressed, I have become more and more comfortable with writing in it. My favorite part of the class would have to be Dr. Downing's lectures. The threat of potentially getting called on every week keeps you on your toes and forces you to focus in class. Even without that, they were engaging and I was genuinely interested in them every week. His lectures are easily some of the most coherent and well thought out lectures I've had here at this school. Each one builds on the last and he knows what things to group together in order to create less confusion. He is honestly an amazing lecturer and I'm glad that I challenged myself to take this course. As I said before, I thoroughly enjoyed this class and hope that anyone thinking about taking it just goes ahead and does it. You won't regret it.

~OOP() {delete _CS371p;}