---
published: false
---
Project 4 was successfully turned in and were moving on to the next section of the class.

**What did you do this past week?**  
This week in class, we wrote the move assignment operator for our vector class and finished up containment. Then, leading up the inheritance section of the class, we went over different keywords that C++ has and how they affect the variables that they're attached to. We also turned in Project 4 this week. Despite my partner and I having a hard time getting started on it, this project was probably my favorite one to do so far. We were instructed to create a Darwin's World simulation only using containment. I found that while it was very easy to think about this project in terms of inheritance, it definitely wasn't necessary to use it. I only wish that we could've spent more time working on our best creature. We had some last minutes bugs that came up the day it was due, so I spent a majority of my time fixing those.

**What's in your way?**  
I have a part of a big project from another class due on Tuesday. Unfortunately, that means that I probably won't be able to look at the project until some time after that. Once that is done, I will still have to make sure that I manage my time well, and don't get distracted.

**What will you do next week?**  
Project 5 has already been released, I will definitely be looking at it as soon as I can. If I have some extra time, I might also try to review some of the notes from previous classes.

**Pick of the Week?**  
[This](http://www.livescience.com/56698-bomb-sniffing-bionic-plants-detect-pollution.html) article about bionic plants detecting pollution is pretty interesting.