---
layout: post
title: Week 10
published: true
---
Got a slow start on project 4, but it’s alright. We got this!

**What did you do this past week?**  
We only had class twice this week. On Monday, we went over containment and inheritance. Right now, we're focusing on containment, but we'll be getting into inheritance soon. On Wednesday, we had speaker from Pariveda come in and talk about what they do and how they work. It was interesting to see what they viewed as important when working with clients, and how difficult it can be for everyone to be on the same page. Project 4 was also released this week. As I said earlier, this project will be focusing on containment. I assume the next one will have to do with inheritance. Back to Project 4, my partner and I started working on it earlier this week, but we've had a little bit of trouble getting started. We both had the mindset of inheritance when we initially started working on this, making it difficult to correctly implement the program. On top of that, I'm not the best at planning, so being given a project with no starter code is almost always difficult for me. However, today I was messing around with it and think I might've gotten it set up, so we should be able to start working on the actual simulation now.

**What's in your way?**  
Despite starting on the project earlier than I normally do, my partner and I got a slow start on it. Hopefully, we don't feel too rushed when it gets closer to the due date. I also have to another large project that I have to work on for another class, so I'm going to have to make sure I make time for both of them.

**What will you do next week?**  
I'll be working on the project with my partner.

**Pick of the Week**  
[This](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/600768/10-breakthrough-technologies-2016-robots-that-teach-each-other/) is an interesting article about robots learning new skills and teaching them to each other. Right now the skills are pretty basic, but as the library of information grows, so will the robots' abilities.