---
published: false
---
The first test is over. It feels strange not having anything to do for this class now.

**What did you do this past week?**  
This week was a bit stressful. Among doing homework for other classes, I had to study for the test this week. It was difficult at first to study for this test because I didn't quite know if we were going to be tested on coding specifically, understanding of C++, or both. As I went through the week, it became more clear that it was going to be a coding test. In class, we also had a casual review over a few of the topics that we'd gone over in the previous weeks. The test itself wasn't as difficult as I was thinking it was going to be. However, there were a couple of things that I overlooked when studying, so didn't do as well as I could've done. After the test, we didn't have class so I just relaxed and used the weekend to reset.

**What's in your way?**  
I didn't figure how I should've been studying early enough to review everything that was necessary. This time, I didn't procrastinate as much as normal, but I would probably try to start studying earlier next time.

**What will you do next week?**  
Project 3 was put up this weekend so I will start looking at that. I have a project that have to start working on for another class, so I'll need to make sure that I make time for both of them.

**Pick of the Week**  
Make sure that you take time wind down and reset before starting the next project. It's hard to work when you're stressed, so do something that you enjoy even if it's just for a short period of time. I [went to the park](https://www.facebook.com/events/1064510333663944/?notif_t=plan_user_invited&notif_id=1475542192426653) to watch Mulan with a couple friends. It was especially fun since ~~amazingly~~ one of them hadn't seen it before. Now, I feel refreshed and ready to start the next week.