---
layout: post
title: Week 2
published: true
---
We've begun the first project. It's been manageable, giving me plenty of time for my much needed game of catch-up.

**What did you do this past week?**  
On Monday in class, we went over 3 types of caches (lazy, eager, and meta), and how they might be useful when optimizing our code for this week's project. On Wednsday, Dr. Downing went over a possible to-do list to help us get started, writing out even the most basic of steps. He also promoted good coding practices by ~~forcing~~ encouraging us to use the issue tracker in github as a way to manage the list. On Friday, we went into some detail about the differences between the prefix (++i) and postfix (i++) increment operators. This week, I started the project, and have completed a basic version of the program. I've spent the week getting used to C++, Docker, and git and feel a bit more comfortable with them now. I, of course, only know the basics of C++ and could probably stand to delve deeper into it. However, I'm definitely more comfortable than I was before, and that, at least, is something.

**What's in your way?**  
With this class, there are so many new tools that I have to get used to using, I just feel like I'm constantly playing catch-up. I also got started on this project a little bit later than I intended to. It's not really holding me back, but it's something that I know I need to work on.

**What will you do next week?**  
I have written a basic version of the project, but I haven't tested it in the UVa Judge yet. So, I will being doing that once I am finished writing this. Then, I will begin optimizing my code, trying to make it faster. I also still need to order the textbook for this class and plan on doing so this week.

**Pick of the Week**  
My tip of the week is to break your study time up with short breaks in between sessions. For me, I've found that with the short breaks, I retain more information and I'm am more focused while programming. This may be due to the [serial position effect](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Serial_position_effect), which claims that you're more likely to recall information at the beginning and end of your study sessions, and less likely to do so with the information in the middle. If you increase the number of beginnings and ends, you decrease the amount of time in the middle, and in turn, decrease the amount of information lost.
