---
published: false
---
The first test is this week. 

**What did you do this past week?**  
On Monday, we went over iterable objects in C++ vs Java, and wrote the all_of function in class. On Wednesday, we went over distances between the way Java and C++ are structured. Java is set up like a tree where each object, excluding the Object object, has a parent. In other words, there is a root called Object that everything else branches off from. In C++, it is not necessary for each object to have a parent. There is no root. We also wrote a class called range_iterator and implemented the constructor, the ++ operator, and the == operator. On Friday, improved our range_iterator by declaring the == operator as what’s called a friend. The friend will have access to everything in the class that declared it, but not vice versa. Aside from that, I also started studying a little bit for the test. Every class, I end up learning something new about what happens under the hood with these two languages. It’s interesting how different they are, yet they are capable of completing many of the same things. After writing in C last semester and C++ this semester, Java just seems so restrictive. 

**What's in your way?**  
There are a lot of things to do this week for different classes, so I’m going to have to find time to complete them all.

**What will you do next week?**  
Since the test is coming up, I will start cracking down on my studying and try to get some of my other homework done early this week.

**Pick of the Week**  
The test is this week, so study hard, and don’t forget to take breaks. Don’t burn yourself out before the test. And remember, “only your friends can play with your privates.”