---
published: false
---
**What did you do this past week?**  
In class this week, we worked more with templates and making flexible functions. We reviewed the equals function from last week, and wrote and improved an RMSE function together in class. We also compared compared quicksort in Java to quicksort in C++, and how they react when used with different data types. In the middle of the week, there was another speaker, this time from NASA Jet Propulsion Laboratory (JPL). He talked about their approach on brainstorming and planning, and what to consider when building a product in general. I liked that they encourage everyone to share any ideas regardless of whether or not they are good ones. It promotes a more creative environment, since no one has to worry about judgment. At the end of the talk, he showed us the HoloLens that they're working, which allows them to see an accurate depiction of Mars in VR. It was /so/ cool. They can use it to interact mars as if they were actually there. It was also interesting to hear about some of the problems that they encountered because many of them are not things that we, as programmers, might have though of. For instance, when they tested it with people that who work in the field, all of them found the tallest hill near them and run up to the top. They were using it was a way to see as much of the land around them as they could. However, this requires more rendering of the landscape and can slow the program down. It's interesting how different the thought processes were and shows how important field testing is. We also saw couple glitches in the program like falling through the map, which was kind of funny. Project 2 was also due this week. My partner and I were able to get it turned in, but we didn't get to optimize it as much as we would have liked.

**What's in your way?**  
I've noticed that when I try to write in C++, I still tend to think like I'm writing in Java. Since Java and C++ aren't quite the same, I find that it slows me down a bit when coding.

**What will you do next week?**  
The test is coming up in a couple of weeks and we don't have a project due before then, so I'll probably start trying to study for it.

**Pick of the week**  
