---
layout: post
title: Week 4
published: true
---
Week four was a little busy, and now I'm a bit behind.

**What did you do this past week?**  
On Monday, we went over passing pointers and references through functions and how you can affect them within that function. It's interesting how many ways there are to change an element. On Wednesday, we actually had a speaker from Bloomberg come talk to us. He talked about the company, the languages they use, their interview process, and good opportunities to improve your skills. It gave me a lot of insight into a company that I really didn't know much about. On Friday, we reviewed what we went over on Monday and looked at ways to make a program more flexible. Specifically, we used function templates to generalize what elements were acceptable to pass though a function. It's a very simple concept, but due to my lack knowledge in C++, it's not something that would have immediately thought of doing. I also went to the Unity Technologies workshop on Saturday, where we learned the basics of the Unity game engine by creating a Viking Quest VR demo. It was a fun experience and I met a few interesting people while I was there.

**What's in your way?**  
Well, I've started the project late yet again, so hopefully it doesn't hurt me too much. My weekend got somewhat unexpectedly busy, as I had family come in on Thursday, and couldn't get much work done while they were here. The Unity workshop that I went to on Saturday lasted from 11am to 4pm, and today I actually had to work the volleyball game as part of the ball crew. The game went to five (as opposed to three) sets this time so that also took longer than expected. This plus the homework for my other classes was no bueno. My time management skills aren't great either, so things got kind of hectic.

**What will you do next week?**  
Next week I’ll be trying to finish up Project 2. I plan on going to the career fair, but the amount of time I will get to spend there depends on how much of the project my partner and I can get done.

**Pick of the Week**  
During the Unity workshop, I found myself confused at times. I just want to tell anyone who reads this not to be afraid to ask questions. You can't learn anything new if you don't ask for help (or it'll at least take you longer). You may be a bit embarrassed at the time, but better that than ignorance in the long run.