---
layout: post
title: Week 13
published: true
---
The final project has been turned in. It feels kind of strange.

**What did you do this past week?**  
This past week in class, we went over what makes an abstract class abstract and the consequences of using virtual methods, constructors, and destructors. In the middle of the week, there was a presentation from Spiceworks. They talked about their experiences at other companies and what made them go to and stay there. They also talked about what recruiters are looking for and gave tips on how to make yourself look more prepared. Project 5 has been turned in. It's the last project of the semester, so this feels a little strange not having to worry about another one. Last week, I felt like I got a bit of tunnel vision while on this project. I needed to think about the project in a different way, so we ended starting over and rewriting it from scratch. Because of this, we didn't really have a fully working solution until early Thursday morning. That was cutting it a bit close for me, but we got everything done in time.

**What's in your way?**  
As of right now, there's not much in my way this week. I have a feeling that this week is going to move very slowly. I only have one class on both Monday and Tuesday since the others got canceled. Because of this, I think it's going to be that much easier to get distracted. I need to make sure that I start studying for the test for this class now, so that I'm not trying to gram everything in last minute.

**What will you do next week?**  
Next week, I'll start studying for the test. I have a research paper due in another class so I'll have to make sure that I make time for both. I will probably try to do the new extra credit assignment that was posted as well because, why not? Also, as I'm sure many people will be doing, I'll be going home for Thanksgiving. 

**Pick of the Week**  
I don't really have a tip of the week this week, so here's [this](http://img.ifcdn.com/images/60618a04badbd9acee84d56892a85a3dee8c84555b8309a0a8d8ad9a7b61b269_1.jpg) instead. Hope everyone has a Happy Thanksgiving.