---
published: true
---

Project 3 is due this week. Time to get started.

**What did you do this past week?**  
This week's project is to build an allocator, so this past week we began talking about what qualifies something as an allocator and a little bit of what goes on behind the scenes. For instance, depending on the type that you use far any given element, the default constructor may be O(1) (for built-in types) or O(n) (for user-defined types). We also talked about the benefits of having the allocator use the heap rather than the stack. Aside from that, I've been enjoying this class so far. I got called on in class again during this past week, I wasn't as nervous as I was at the beginning of the semester. Each time I'm called on I feel less and less nervous about it. I still have trouble forming an explanation in words, but I'm not as worried about getting the answer wrong as I was at first. In many classes when the teacher calls on you, they're trying to see what you already know rather than trying to make sure you understand. With Dr. Downing, if he calls on you, then you're expected to get to the answer in one way or another. If you don't know the answer, he walks you through the steps and makes sure that you understand what's going on before moving on.

**What's in your way?**  
At this point, not much is in my way. I just need to get started on this project as soon as possible and not get too distracted throughout the week. I also have a small project to work on for another class, but hopefully it's not too bad. 

**What will you do next week?**  
I have briefly looked at project 3 and set up my repos, so I'm set to go and will officially be starting it this week.

**Pick of the Week**
[Here](http://www.kickassfacts.com/30-kickass-interesting-facts-about-computers/) are some interesting facts about computers. Some of them are actually pretty hilarious. Enjoy.