---
layout: post
title: Week 1
published: true
---
Summer's over which means it's back to work for many of us. We're only a few days into the new semester, but I can already tell that it's going to be a challenge.

**What did you do this past week?**  
In this first week back, we got a feel for how the class is going to work. We looked at useful development tools (like Google Test and gcov) and used a basic Hello World program to observed the similarities and differences between C++ and Java. We also discussed the use of assertions and how they can be helpful or hurtful when debugging. All-in-all, it was a pretty normal first week. The biggest shock to me, however, was Prof. Downing’s teaching style. I’d heard about it from a few friends prior to taking this class, but I was still a little shocked when I heard him call my name. It’s really just not something that I’m used to. Most teachers just stand in front of the class, droning on about some new, unknown topic while many of the students zone out as they wait for it to end. Prof. Downing’s lectures focus a bit more on the social/interactive side of things. Before the class even started, he had us talk with some of our classmates and exchange phone numbers. During the lecture, he calls on different students and has them explain the portion of code that we’re looking at. His lectures keep you engaged, and the possibility of being randomly chosen to answer questions gets you out of your comfort zone while forcing you to stay on top of the readings and assignments.

**What's in your way?**  
A few things, actually. I have a bit of catching up to do. For starters, I don’t have a very sound background in git, and I have no experience coding in C++. I have coded in C before, but I’m not very comfortable with it. I also feel like I’m getting in my own way a little bit. I lose my train of thought very easily, and sometimes I'm not able to get it back. I'll be forced to work on that in this class, so hopefully I can adjust soon.

**What will you do next week?**  
Next week, I plan on setting up my work environment. I glanced at it earlier this week, but I didn't have time actually start. I’m worried about whether or not my laptop will be able to handle the Docker container at all. I’ve been “borrowing” it since my laptop crashed last semester, but it’s slow. My previous computer works now, so I may switch back to using it. I’m just not sure how reliable it will be. I also plan on fixing up my blog, and making it look a little nicer.

**Pick of the Week**  
My tip is not directly related to software development, but rather pacing yourself throughout the semester. I read [this article](http://www.nytimes.com/2010/10/09/your-money/09shortcuts.html?_r=0) on willpower. It suggests that over-exerting your willpower may temporarily exhaust your ability to self-regulate. I know it's early in the school year, but start studying now and stay caught up with all the readings while it's relatively easy. You probably won't do it 'later' and it'll be easier on you in the long run.
